Getting started update (#998)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/getting-started/index.md

## What is TimescaleDB?
TimescaleDB is an extension on top of PostgreSQL. 
When you use TimescaleDB, you get all the time-series optimizations and special 
functionality that TimescaleDB provides, along with all the features available 
in regular PostgreSQL. Developers refer to TimescaleDB as PostgreSQL with 
superpowers.

TimescaleDB supports the full SQL language and you can use TimescaleDB with
all the tools and connectors within the PostgreSQL ecosystem. If it works with
PostgreSQL, it works with TimescaleDB!

## What you do in this Getting Started section
This Getting Started section gives you a hands-on introduction to the 
fundamentals of TimescaleDB. You'll learn definitions
of key terms like hypertables and chunks, and use some of TimescaleDB's key 
features like continuous aggregation,
data retention, and compression. 

The data you ingest and use for this tutorial is real-time stock trading data 
provided by [Twelve Data][twelve-data]. The dataset consists of two tables, 
one with second-by-second stock-trade data for the top 100 most-traded symbols, 
and the other containing company information which maps to the symbols.   

Let's jump right in!

> If you have any questions or concerns as you go through the tutorial, make sure to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or concerns as you go through the tutorial,
```

check out the Timescale community [Slack][slack] and [Timescale Forum][forum], where 

> you can find help from the Timescale community and Timescale team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can find help from the Timescale community and team. 
```

# Getting started with TimescaleDB

> **Congratulations!** You're likely here because you have successfully spun 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Congratulations!** You're here because you have successfully spun 
```

up your first instance of TimescaleDB, can connect to it, and are ready to 
explore some of the most popular TimescaleDB feautures. If you have not yet 
created a TimescaleDB instance or learned how to connect to it, make sure to 
first check out these two sections within the docs:
 * [Install TimescaleDB][install]
 * [Connecting to TimescaleDB][connecting]

## What is TimescaleDB?

> As you likely know already, TimescaleDB is an extension on top of the PostgreSQL. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TimescaleDB is an extension on top of the PostgreSQL. 
```

Reviewer: Edited Ryan's suggestion to remove 'the'

When you use TimescaleDB, you get all the time-series optimizations and special 
functionality that TimescaleDB provides, along with all the features available 

> in vanilla PostgreSQL. Developers often refer to TimescaleDB as PostgreSQL with 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in vanilla PostgreSQL. Developers refer to TimescaleDB as PostgreSQL with 
```

Reviewer: Edited Ryan's suggestion to say 'standard' instead of 'vanilla' (less metaphorical/not a cultural reference = more inclusive for readers of English as as second language)

superpowers.

TimescaleDB supports the full SQL language and you can use TimescaleDB with
all the tools and connectors within the PostgreSQL ecosystem. If it works with
PostgreSQL, it works with TimescaleDB!

## What you do in this Getting Started section
This Getting Started section gives you a hands-on introduction to the 
fundamentals of TimescaleDB. You'll learn definitions
of key terms like hypertables and chunks, and use some of TimescaleDB's key 
features like continuous aggregation,
data retention, and compression. 

The data you ingest and use for this tutorial is real-time stock trading data 

> from the company [Twelve Data][twelve-data]. The dataset consists of two tables, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
provided by [Twelve Data][twelve-data]. The dataset consists of two tables, 
```

one with second-by-second stock-trade data for the top 100 most-traded symbols, 
and the other containing company information which maps to the symbols.   

As you work thorugh this tutorial and learn how to use some of TimescaleDB's most 
popular features, keep in mind that there are many more you can explore further 

> throughout the docs. For more details on this check out the [next steps][next-steps] page. 

Reviewer 2: I'd cut this paragraph and just put a happy "Alright... let's get started!!" paragraph/sentence. They'll get to "next steps" at the end.

Reviewer: If you do keep the next steps link, remember to add the link to the bottom (it's not there right now) :)
